---
title: "2013年大陆独立写作题目整理"
layout: post
date: 2016-12-1 18:41
headerImage: false
tag:
- 托福写作
- 写作真题
blog: true
author: zhanchao
description: 2013年大陆独立写作真题回忆
---

2013年1月12日     Agree or disagree, the effective leader tries to make others feel they have been part of a decision.

2013年1月13日     It is important to make sure that others know about your strengths and accomplishments; if you are not so,you will be never successful in life.

2013年1月26日     Young people nowadays are more willing to help others.

2013年1月27日     The place you choose to live has a greater effect on your happiness than your job.

2013年3月2日     Our society today is so busy and crowded that people do not need to be polite to each other.

2013年3月3日     Young people today are more likely to give time and effort to improve the world than young people were in the past.

2013年3月16日     Movies and TV programs made in one’s own country are more interesting than those made in other countries.

2013年3月17日     A leader should admit if they made a bad decision.

2013年3月22日     Though modern agricultural practices damage the environment, feeding the world's growing population is more important than protecting against environmental damage.

2013年3月24日     Agree or disagree, it is much easier for parents to raise children than it was 50 years ago.

2013年3月30日     Despite the fact that many countries say they care about environmental problems, the environmental situation will not improve significantly in the future.

2013年4月14日     Which contributes the most to an enjoyable vacation? Good food, good location, good friends to travel with?

2013年4月20日     It’s more important for the government to spend money to build art museums and music performance centers than to build recreational facilities (such as swimming pool and playgrounds).

2013年5月11日     People often buy products not because they really need them but because other people have them.

2013年5月18日     Government should support scientific research even if the research does not have any practical use.

2013年5月26日     The personal and work-related challenges that young people face today are not very different from the challenges their parents and grandparents faced in the past.

2013年6月8日     Some students prefer to have their final grades determined by numerous small assignments, whereas others prefer to have their final grades determined by only a few large ones. Which do you prefer and why?

2013年6月15日     Agree or disagree, the way of a person's dress is an indication of his or her personality or character?

2013年6月30日     People will feel happier if they have fewer possessions?

2013年7月13日     People rely on their neighbors less now than in the past.

2013年7月14日     People were more friendly in the past than today.

2013年7月20日     Parents now spend too much time on determining the future of their children; children should be allowed to make their own choices.

2013年7月21日     It is impossible to be completely honest with your friends.

2013年8月7日     Would you rather your school spend money on social events and facilities or on improving the cafeteria menus?

2013年8月24日     It is important to have rules about the type of clothing that people are allowed to wear at work and at school.

2013年8月25日     It is less important to eat with families regularly nowadays.

2013年9月1日     Only movies that can teach us something about real life are worth watching.

2013年9月8日     To increase economic growth, the government should ignore the environmental concerns.

2013年9月14日     People who keep their room clean and tidy are more likely to be successful in the future.

2013年10月12日     Agree or disagree, in order to succeed, you should be more like others than be different from everyone else.

2013年10月12日     Agree or disagree, If the people move out of the native village or town is happier and more successful than the people who stay in native village or town.

2013年10月20日     It is always better to purchase in large stores than in several small shops that specialize in different items.

2013年10月20日     Students can use their mobile phones to surf on the internet or listen to the music while doing their homework.

2013年10月27日     Students' activities do as much benefit as academic study.

2013年11月2日     A friend who is intelligent is much than a fiend with a good sense of humor.

2013年11月9日     Parents learn more from children than children learn from parents.

2013年11月9日     Parents should spend time with their children helping them with schoolwork rather than playing games and sports.

2013年11月17日     People can learn about a person from the books and movies the person likes.

2013年11月23日     Teachers' performance should be evaluated by students rather than by other teachers.
2013年11月24日     People live in countryside are happier than people live in the city.

2013年12月1日     All school teachers should be required to take courses every five years to update their knowledge.

2013年12月7日     The government must make choices about how to spend its money on amusing the people. Given the choice between spending tax dollars on art or sports, it should choose to spend those dollars on art.

2013年12月15日     People today do not respect their teachers as much as they did in the past.

2013年12月15日     Nowadays it is easeir to maintain health than in the past.

2013年12月21日     Advertising today is less honest than it was in the past.

2013年12月28日     Should children spend most time playing and studying or they should be required to help the family with household chores, like cooking and cleaning. 


