---
title: "2015年大陆独立写作题目整理"
layout: post
date: 2016-12-1 18:47
headerImage: false
tag:
- 托福写作
- 写作真题
blog: true
author: zhanchao
description: 2015年大陆独立写作真题回忆
---

2015年1月10日     Agree or disagree: all the university students should be required to take basic science course even if it is not part of their study field.

2015年1月11日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The most important characteristic of a successful politician or a leader is good communication skills.

2015年1月31日     Do you agree or disagree? The rules that whole society today expects young people to follow are too strict.

2015年2月1日     Movies and television programs have more negative effect than positive effect on the way young people behave.

2015年3月7日     People will spend less time cooking and preparing food in twenty years than they do today.

2015年3月7日     Some people believe that taking field trips (e.g. going to the museum) is an important part of children’s education. Others believe that it is better for children to study at school. Which view do you agree with?

2015年3月14日     Many people nowadays spend too much money on their pets（dogs, cats, or other animals, although there are better use of this money.

2015年3月28日     Agree or disagree, it is better to finish one project then start another than do several at the same time.

2015年4月12日     The internet access is as important as road building and so forth, do you think government should provide internet access to all citizens at no cost?

2015年4月18日     Some people think we should follow our dreams, even if the dreams are ambitious. But other people think that we should focus on realistic goals. Which do you agree?

2015年5月9日     Should university require all the students to have history courses no matter what their fields of study are.

2015年5月30日     When you have been friends with someone for a long time, it is important to continue friendship with the person even if he or she does something you do not like?  

2015年6月13日     It is better to spend money on traveling and vocation instead of saving it in the bank for the future.

2015年6月14日     Playing sports teaches people important lessons about life.  

2015年6月27日     A friend who is intelligent is much better than a friend with a good sense of humour.

2015年7月4日     Children will benefit in important ways through taking care of a pet animal.

2015年7月11日     Teachers should be paid at least as much as doctors, lawyers or business leaders are paid.

2015年7月12日     Children are required to spend most of their outside of school hours on doing homework or participating organized activities related to school or sport; however, some people think children should spend time on doing what they choose to do.

2015年8月22日     Do you agree or disagree: the most effective way for governments to encourage energy conservation is to increase the price of gasoline and electricity?

2015年8月30日     It is important to have rules about the type of clothing that people are allowed to wear at work and at school.

2015年9月5日     If a city government wishes to attract more tourists, it can either improve its safty by hiring more police or improving its appearance by improving old buildings and streets. According to your opinion, which one is better?

2015年9月12日     Agree or disagree, in order to succeed, you should be more like others than be different from everyone else.

2015年9月13日     It is as important for older people to study and learn new things as it is for younger people.

2015年9月17日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ? The advice from the grandparents is of no use to their grandchildren because the world has changed a lot over the past 50 years.

2015年9月19日     Many students now use the internet or cellphone or listening to the music when they study, do you think this is helpful or harmful for students?

2015年10月10日     Which schedule do you prefer, study 9 months then take a 3-month break or study 3 months then take a one -month break.

2015年10月11日     Do you agree or disagree, it is a waste of money for government to fund space travel.

2015年10月24日     It is more important for universities to spend money on improving facilities than on hiring famous professors.

2015年10月25日     In the past people were more friendly than they are today.

2015年10月31日     What do you think is the most important ability for a high school teacher: a: the ability to give good advice to students about their future plan; b: the ability to recognize students who need help and help them; c: the ability to encourage students to study on their own about the outside world.

2015年11月8日     A school has been providing funding for students who participate in after school activities. Now the school has only enough money to fund only one type of the activities. Which of the following do you recommend the school continue to fund: sports, art, volunteering.

2015年11月14日     Some parents can’t stay at home full time full time to care for young of preschool age. Some of these parents have the choice of sending their young children either to a child-care centre, where many children will be cared together, or to an individual caregiver, where the child will be the only one being cared for. Which approach do you think is better for a young child, and why?

2015年11月15日     The more money people have, the more they should give away to charity.

2015年11月21日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The most important things people learn are from their families.

2015年11月28日     It’s more important for the government to spend money to build art museums and music performance centers than to build recreational facilities (such as swimming pool and playgrounds).

2015年11月29日     The quality that an effective leader must have is that they need to make decisions quickly. When leaders take too much time to make decisions they will be seen as ineffective by the people they lead.

2015年12月5日     Some people think individuals should pay for the internet while others think governments should provide people with internet for free, which one do you prefer.

2015年12月12日     Some companies provide important products or service, but also damage environment. Some people believe that government should require more penalty, higher tax and larger fine of these companies, while others believe there are better ways. Which do you prefer?

2015年12月13日     Some people think that older children should take the responsibility to take care of their sisters, while others think that parents should do the whole work, which do you prefer.

2015年12月19日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: the best leaders should spend more time listening to other people's ideas than talking about his own ideas.

2015年12月20日     Out of the following three things, which one would you prefer to regulate in order to improve your health? 1）The kind of food you eat 2）The amount of exercise 3）The amount of stress in your life.





