---
title: "2014年大陆独立写作题目整理"
layout: post
date: 2016-12-1 18:45
headerImage: false
tag:
- 托福写作
- 写作真题
blog: true
author: zhanchao
description: 2014年大陆独立写作真题回忆
---
2014年1月12日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ? The advice from the grandparents is of no use to their grandchildren because the world has changed a lot over the past 50 years.

2014年1月18日     In times of economic crisis, local governments often reduce the money they spend in some areas. In your opinion, if a local government is facing economic problems, which of the following areas should it spend less money on? Libraries, public transportation, or police?

2014年2月22日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People who have learned many different skills are more likely to succeed than those who focus on learning only one skill.

2014年3月1日     Do you agree or disagree? It is often not a good thing for people to move to a new town or a new country because they will lose their friends.

2014年3月2日     Do you agree or disagree? The rules that whole society today expects young people to follow are too strict.

2014年3月15日     Which way do you think is the best for a student to make new friends: a, joining a sports team; b, participating in community activities; c, travelling.

2014年3月16日     It is easier to become an educated person than it was in the past.   

2014年3月22日     Agree or disagree, the young people today are less dependent on their parents.

2014年3月23日     It is better to have a job or vacation at least one year than to study at college at once for students who just finished high school.

2014年4月12日     Do you agree or disagree? It is more important for a university to spend money, on improving facilities(libraries, computer labs and technology in general) than to spend money on hiring famous teachers?

2014年4月19日     For any business to be successful, it must spend more money on advertising.

2014年4月27日     Your job has overall greater happiness than your social life do.

2014年5月11日     Do you agree or disagree ? Many people spend much time on watching sports on TV. It will have negative effects on audiences.

2014年5月17日     Do you agree or disagree? It's better to relax by reading a book or watching a movie than by doing physical exercise.

2014年5月24日     It is important for the government to allocate money on beautiful things, not just for things that are practical.

2014年5月25日     Parents should set strict rules if they want to help their children to be successful in the future time.

2014年6月15日     Some prefer buy new technological devices; others having them when they are well-adopted. which do you prefer?

2014年6月21日     Agree or disagree, people who cannot accept others' criticism cannot achieve success as a team.

2014年6月28日     The best way to reduce air pollution is for the government to raise the cost of fuel.

2014年6月29日     Do you think success is important, or it is more important to remain happy and optimistic when you fail?

2014年7月6日     Do you agree that people should have hobbies and do physical activities that are very different from one's work?

2014年7月22日     Do you agree or disagree with the statement : Compared with people who live in cities, people who live in rural areas can take better care of families.

2014年8月16日     The most important investment for a company to make is to spend money improving employees' skills.

2014年8月23日A     Young people today are more likely to give time and effort to improve the world than young people were in the past.

2014/8/23 B     Although science and technology keeps advancing, most significant improvements in the quality of people's lives have already taken place.

2014年8月30日     The ability to maintain friendships with a small number of people over a long period for happiness is more important than the ability to make many new friends easily.

2014年9月14日     Young school children should be required to study art and music in addition to math language science and history.

2014年9月21日     Do you agree or disagree? It is often not a good thing for people to move to a new town or a new country because they will lose their friends.

2014年9月27日A     Should university students be required to take at least one course that teaches them about the culture of a foreign country or not?

2014年9月27日B     Visiting a museum is the best way to learn about a country.

2014年10月11日     Some agriculture methods damage the environment, but providing the food for the growing world population is important than protecting the environment.

2014年10月18日     People should know about events happening around world even if they have little influence on their daily lives.

2014年10月26日     As modern life becomes more complex, itis essential for young people to have the ability to plan and organize.
2014年11月2日     People often buy the things not what they really need but what others have.

2014年11月8日A卷     Nowadays it is important for people to have regularly family meals together.

2014年11月8日B卷     Getting advice from friends who are older than you is more valuable than getting advice from friends of your own age.

2014年11月9日     Which one influences you most when you make a major purchase: a) recommendations from your friends or colleagues; b) information from media (TV, newspapers, magazine); c) salesman in the market d) decide all by yourself without other information.

2014年11月15日     Which of the following do you agree with? Parents should help children to do their work or they should encourage children to do their work independently.

2014年11月23日     Your job has overall greater happiness than your social life do.

2014年11月29日     To record the experience, some people prefer to upload pictures and some other information on social-networking sites, some prefer not to record,which approach do you prefer. 

2014年12月6日     Agree or disagree: Being creative, rather than planning carefully is more likely to result in the best solution to a problem.

2014年12月13日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Students are more interested in politics today than before?

2014年12月14日     Agree or disagree, the way of a person's dress is an indication of his or her personality or character?

2014年12月21日     For a leader in student organization, honesty is the most important character.

2014年12月27日     Young people today are more likely to help others than in the past.

2014年12月28日     It is important for the government to allocate money on beautiful things, not just for things that are practical.




