---
title: "2012年大陆独立写作题目整理"
layout: post
date: 2016-12-1 18:49
headerImage: false
tag:
- 托福写作
- 写作真题
blog: true
author: zhanchao
description: 2012年大陆独立写作真题回忆
---
2012年1月14日     All school teachers should be required to take courses every five years to update their knowledge.

2012年2月5日     Some people think we should follow our dreams, even if the dreams are ambitious. But other people think that we should focus on realistic goals. Which do you agree?

2012年2月11日     Agree or disagree, talented people’s leadership is born by natural and can’t be learned by people, agree or disagree.

2012年2月17日     Some prefer buy new technological devices; others having them when they are well-adopted. which do you prefer?

2012年2月24日     Agree or disagree, people who cannot accept others' criticism cannot achieve success as a team.

2012年2月25日     Can two people be good friends if one person has more money than the other?

2012年2月4日     Are the employees who always try to find new ways to solve problems more valuable than those who simply follow the orders?

2012年3月10日     If you need to discuss upsetting and controversial issues with others, you will use email or text messaging, or telephone or voice messaging.

2012年3月18日     There is never a good reason to be impolite or rude to another people, what do you think?

2012年3月24日     Agree or disagree, if parents want their children to perform well in school，they should limit the hours that their children spend watching TV．

2012年4月14日     Agree or disagree, a job with more vacation time is better than a job with high salary but less vacation time.

2012年4月22日     Should school focus more on purchasing new equipments or recruiting good teachers?

2012年4月28日     People should know about events happening around world even if they have little influence on their daily lives.

2012年5月12日     Agree or disagree, it is better to choose a university whose graduates have good job opportunities than a university who has famous professors.

2012年5月20日     Agree or disagree, the way of a person's dress is an indication of his or her personality or character?

2012年5月26日     Agree or disagree, teachers in the past had more influences on the youth than teachers at present.

2012年6月9日     Do you agree or disagree? It is often not a good thing for people to move to a new town or a new country because they will lose their friends.

2012年6月17日     Which of the following do you agree with? Parents should help children to do their work or they should encourage children to do their work independently.

2012年6月30日     The best way to learn about a foreign country is to read the newspapers and magazines of that country.

2012年7月14日     Agree or disagree, it is better for your friend to ask you for help (suppose you are good at the subject) than to turn to a tutor when he finds it hard to pass an examination.

2012年7月15日     It is important for the government to allocate money on beautiful things, not just for things that are practical.

2012年7月22日     People can take care of their family members better when they live in big cities than in the countryside.

2012年7月28日     Some jobs pay a high salaries to employees but require them live far away from their family and friends. Some jobs pay low salary but allow employees to be closer their family and friends. Which job do prefer? And why?

2012年8月19日     Agree or disagree, car has had a greater effect on the society than the airplane.

2012年8月26日     Agree or disagree, the opinions of celebrities, such as famous entertainers and athletes, are more important to younger people than to older people.

2012年8月26日     Parents should allow children to make mistakes and let them learn from their own mistakes.

2012年9月2日     Do you agree or disagree with the statement: competition with friends usually have negative effect on friendship?

2012年9月8日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ? The advice from the grandparents is of no use to their grandchildren because the world has changed a lot over the past 50 years.

2012年9月16日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: The most important investment for a big company is to improve the efficiency and proficiency of its employees.

2012年9月20日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Students are more interested in politics today than before?

2012年9月22日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement. Although science and technology will continue to improve, the most significant improvement for the quality of people’s lives have already taken place.

2012年9月23日     Do you agree or disagree: In order to succeed in a new job, the ability to adapt or adjust to a changing condition or circumstance is more important than having excellent knowledge of the job.

2012年10月13日     Do you agree or disagree with the statement: Nowadays，it's much easier to succeed without assistance from one's family than it was in the past.

2012年10月19日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Reading a student does on his/her own is as important as, or even more important than reading a student does because it is assigned by teachers.

2012年10月27日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The most important problems affecting our society today could be solved within our lifetime.Use specific reasons to support your answer.

2012年10月28日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Governments and corporations should share all of their scientific discoveries with the rest of the world.

2012年11月2日     Out of the following three things, which one would you prefer to regulate in order to improve your health? 1）The kind of food you eat 2）The amount of exercise 3）The amount of stress in your life.

2012年11月10日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is the best way for teachers to make students more interested in a subject by explaining to them that this subject will help them in their life outside of the school.

2012年11月18日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: The main role of a university professor is to educate students rather than to do research.

2012年11月24日     It is easier to become an educated person than it was in the past.   

2012年12月2日     Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Movies and televisions have more positive effects on the young people than negative effects.

2012年12月8日     Patience is usually not a good strategy. We should take action now rather than later.

2012年12月22日     A friend who is intelligent is much than a fiend with a good sense of humor.





