---
title: "2011年大陆独立写作题目整理"
layout: post
date: 2016-12-1 18:49
headerImage: false
tag:
- 托福写作
- 写作真题
blog: true
author: zhanchao
description: 2011年大陆独立写作真题回忆
---
2011年1月8日     Agree or disagree, the food we ate in the past was healthier than the food today.

2011年1月22日     Agree or disagree,  in order to celebrate major events, it`s better to organize big party with lots of people than have a small party that only close friends and relatives are invited?

2011年1月30日     Agree or disagree,  the world is changing so quickly that people now are less happy or less satisfied than in the past ?

2011年2月12日     Agree or disagree, in the busy and crowded world, we should never expect people to be polite to others.

2011年2月20日     Agree or disagree, If the people move out of the native village or town is happier and more successful than the people who stay in native village or town.

2011年2月26日     Young people today have no influence on the important decisions about the future of the society as a whole. 

2011年3月12日     Agree or disagree, people should buy things made by their own country ,even if things of other countries may cost less.

2011年3月13日     Agree or disagree, children should spend most of their time on study and play, and they don' t need to do housework.

2011年3月20日     People will feel happier if they have fewer possessions?

2011年3月26日     Agree or disagree, young people should try different jobs before they decide which job or career they will do in the long term.

2011年4月23日     Agree or disagree, a job with more vacation time is better than a job with high salary but less vacation time.

2011年5月14日     Agree or disagree, in the past, it was easier for people to identify what types of career or job would lead to a secure, successful future.

2011年5月28日     Agree or disagree, the way of a person's dress is an indication of his or her personality or character?

2011年5月29日     Agree or disagree, it is easier to be a success in the past than today.

2011年6月11日     Do you think the concern of environment issues in various countries can actually alleviate the environmental problem?

2011年6月19日     Agree or disagree, high school students should take some basic economy courses.

2011年6月25日     Agree or disagree, movies and televisions should always show audience good people are being rewarded and bad people are being punished.

2011年7月9日     Do you agree that people should have hobbies and do physical activities that are very different from one's work?

2011年7月23日     Do you think it is more effective to work as a group than work independently?

2011年8月13日     Agree or disagree，the personal and work-related challenges we face now are different from those our parents and grandparents faced when they were young.

2011年8月21日     For successful development of a country, should a government focus its budget more on very young children education rather than on universities?

2011年8月27日     Some jobs can pay high salaries but require employees to leave their family and friends. some jobs pay few salaries but allow employees staying with family and friend. Which job do you prefer? Why?

2011年9月18日     Agree or disagree, the rapid growth of cities has a mostly positive impact on the development of the society.

2011年9月24日     Agree or disagree, education of children nowadays is a more difficult task because they pay attention to the cell phones, online games and social networking Web sites.

2011年9月25日     Agree or disagree, it is much easier for parents to raise children than it was 50 years ago.

2011年10月16日     Agree or disagree, the young people today are less dependent on their parents.

2011年10月22日     Agree or disagree, famous entertainers and athletes deserve to have more privacy than they have now.

2011年10月30日     Agree or disagree, it is the most important character of a policies or business leader to accept the responsibility of mistake.

2011年11月12日     Many people nowadays spend too much money on their pets（dogs, cats, or other animals, although there are better use of this money.

2011年11月13日     Agree or disagree, we can learn a lot about a person from his friends.

2011年11月20日     Do you agree or disagree that a teacher who is serious and strict is more efficient than a teacher who uses humors and is easy going?/The most important characteristic of a successful politician or leader is good communication skill.

2011年11月26日     Agree or disagree, working at home with a computer and a phone is better than working in the company with the same staffs.

2011年12月10日     Agree or disagree, the best way to improve quality of education is to increase the teachers’ salaries.

2011年12月11日     Agree or disagree, improving schools is the most important factor in successful development of country?   

2011年12月18日     Do you think government should spend money on building new houses or preserving historic buildings?





